[IMP] sales: 100 percent down (#9664)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/sales/invoicing/down_payment.rst

   If :guilabel:`Based on Delivered Quantity (Manual)` is chosen as the :guilabel:`Invoicing
   Policy`, an invoice will **not** be able to be created.

> .. _sales/invoicing/down_payment/50-percent-down-payments:

Reviewer: Small update to only include the parent folder in the custom anchor convention: 
`app or module name/(optional parent folder)/section heading`
```suggestion
.. _sales/invoicing/50-percent-down-payments:
```

   :align: center
   :alt: Showcase of the Register Payment button on a confirmed customer invoice.

> Doing so reveals a :guilabel:`Register Payment` pop-up form, which is autopopulated with the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Doing so reveals a :guilabel:`Register Payment` pop-up form, which is auto-populated with the
```
While it totally seems like a single word, a hyphen is actually needed in this instance... https://www.dictionary.com/browse/auto-populate

To complete the flow, click :guilabel:`Confirm`, which changes the status of the invoice from
:guilabel:`Draft` to :guilabel:`Posted`. Then, click :guilabel:`Register Payment`.

> Once again, the :guilabel:`Register Payment` appears, with all fields autopopulated with the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once again, the :guilabel:`Register Payment` appears, with all fields auto-populated with the
```
same reasoning as above ☝️

   policy, the down payments will **not** be able to be deducted when it comes time to invoice the
   customer.

>    This is because, due to the invoicing policy, the product would have to be delivered *before*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   This is because, due to the invoicing policy, the product(s) would have to be delivered *before*
```
SUGGESTION: since there could be multiple products that need to be delivered, I believe using this parenetical is apt. However, this is totally your call 👍

   order to confirm the delivery. Otherwise, the delivered quantity can be entered manually directly
   on the sales order.

.. _sales/invoicing/down_payment/100-percent-down-payments:

Example: request 100% down payment
==================================

The process of requesting a 100% down payment is similar to the process of setting up a :ref:`50%

> down payment <sales/invoicing/down_payment/50-percent-down-payments>` but with fewer steps. The
> *Solar Panel Installation* product is being used in this example.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
down payment <sales/invoicing/down_payment/50-percent-down-payments>`, but with fewer steps. 

The following example focuses on a *Solar Panel Installation* product.
```
OPTIONAL: added comma and broke up sentences for enhanced sentence clarity and flow

> To configure a 100% down payment, begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Sales app --> New` and add

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To configure a 100% down payment, begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Sales app --> New`, and add
```
SUGGESTION: adding a comma for enhanced sentence flow/pacing

a :guilabel:`Customer` to the quote.

Next, click :guilabel:`Add a product` in the :guilabel:`Order Lines` tab, and select the
:guilabel:`Solar Panel Installation` product.

> :guilabel:`Confirm` the order and the quotation will turn into a sales order. An invoice can now be
> created by clicking :guilabel:`Create Invoice` in the top-left.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Upon clicking the :guilabel:`Confirm` button, the quotation turns into a sales order. At that point, an invoice can now be created by clicking :guilabel:`Create Invoice` in the top-left corner.
```
SUGGESTION: some added clarity

.. image:: down_payment/100p-order-confirmed.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Confirmed sales order for the Solar Panel Installation product.

On the :guilabel:`Create invoices` pop-up window that appears, select :guilabel:`Down payment

> (percentage)`, and type `100` in the :guilabel:`Down Payment Amount` field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(percentage)`, and type `100` in the :guilabel:`Down Payment Amount` field. Then, if desired, select an :guilabel:`Income Account' and :guilabel:`Customer Taxes` in their respective fields.
```
Just some added information to round out the fields mentioned in the 'Create invoice' pop-up window

.. image:: down_payment/100p-down-payment-percentage.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Down payment (percentage) option selected with 100% set as the Down Payment.

> Next, click :guilabel:`Create Draft Invoice` to create and an invoice draft. This will also

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next, click :guilabel:`Create Draft Invoice` to create an invoice draft. This will also
```

> bring the draft invoice into view, which includes the down payment as a :guilabel:`Product` in the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
bring the draft invoice into view, which includes the :guilabel:`Down payment` as a :guilabel:`Product` in the
```
added a GUI to 'Down payment' because it appears on screen

:guilabel:`Invoice Lines` tab.

The invoice can now be confirmed and posted by clicking :guilabel:`Confirm`. Confirming the
invoice changes the status from :guilabel:`Draft` to :guilabel:`Posted`. It also reveals a new

> series of smart buttons at the top of the page.

Reviewer 2: During my revisions, using a standard 17.0 runbot, I didn't see a series of smart buttons appear at the top of the page. So, that is worth a quick double-check to ensure the accuracy of that statement. 

UPDATE: I can see on line 268 that you refer to the 'Register Payment' button as a "smart button." That is actually not the case. Totally easy mistake to make, though. The "smart buttons" are the buttons that appear at the top of the page (typically white boxes with figures, icons, etc.) -- the purple and grey buttons that appear on the menu line, slightly above the form are just regular buttons.

.. image:: down_payment/100p-confirm-invoice-draft.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A sample draft invoice with down payment mentioned in Odoo Sales.

The payment can be registered by clicking the :guilabel:`Register Payment` smart button.

.. image:: down_payment/100p-register-payment.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Showcase of the Register Payment button on a confirmed customer invoice.

> Doing so reveals a :guilabel:`Register Payment` pop-up form, which is autopopulated with the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Doing so reveals a :guilabel:`Register Payment` pop-up form, which is auto-populated with the
```

> necessary information. Confirm the information provided is correct and make any necessary

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
necessary information. Confirm the information provided is correct, and make any necessary
```
OPTIONAL: added comma for enhanced sentence clarity/flow

adjustments. When ready, click the :guilabel:`Create Payment` button.

.. image:: down_payment/100p-create-payment.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Showcase of the Register Payment pop-up window with create payment button.

After clicking :guilabel:`Create Payment`, Odoo reveals the customer invoice, now with a green
:guilabel:`In Payment` banner in the upper-right corner.

.. image:: down_payment/100p-invoice.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Customer Invoice with a green In Payment banner located in the upper-right corner.

> The process is now complete and the 100% down payment has been successfully applied.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The process is now complete, and the 100% down payment has been successfully applied.
```

To configure a 100% down payment, begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Sales app --> New`, and add
a :guilabel:`Customer` to the quote.

Next, click :guilabel:`Add a product` in the :guilabel:`Order Lines` tab, and select the
`Solar Panel Installation` product.

Upon clicking the :guilabel:`Confirm` button, the quotation turns into a sales order. At that point,
an invoice can now be created by clicking :guilabel:`Create Invoice` in the top-left corner.

On the :guilabel:`Create invoices` pop-up window that appears, select :guilabel:`Down payment
(percentage)`, and type `100` in the :guilabel:`Down Payment Amount` field. Then, if desired, select
an :guilabel:`Income Account` and :guilabel:`Customer Taxes` in their respective fields.

.. note::
   The :guilabel:`Income Account` and :guilabel:`Customer Taxes` fields are *not* required fields,
   and they will *not* appear if they've already been preconfigured in previous down payment
   requests.

   For more information, check out the documentation on :ref:`customer taxes modification on down
   payments <sales/invoicing/customer-tax-modification-down-payments>` and :ref:`income account

>    modification on down payments <sales/invoicing/income-account-modification>`.
> .. image:: down_payment/100p-down-payment-percentage.png

Reviewer: Need an empty line between these two directives :)
```suggestion
   modification on down payments <sales/invoicing/income-account-modification>`.
   
.. image:: down_payment/100p-down-payment-percentage.png
```

   order to confirm the delivery. Otherwise, the delivered quantity can be entered manually directly
   on the sales order.

> .. _sales/invoicing/down_payment/100-percent-down-payments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _sales/invoicing/100-percent-down-payments:
```

Example: request 100% down payment
==================================

The process of requesting a 100% down payment is similar to the process of setting up a :ref:`50%

> down payment <sales/invoicing/down_payment/50-percent-down-payments>`, but with fewer steps.

Reviewer: Update ref tag after updating custom anchor
```suggestion
down payment <sales/invoicing/50-percent-down-payments>`, but with fewer steps.
```

.. note::
   A 100% down payment is **not** the same as a full payment of the sales order.

   A sales order paid through the regular invoice process will not allow any additional invoices to

>    be generated, and **will not** display the *Create invoice* button on the Sales Order.

Reviewer: Since you are referencing the exact UI button, please match it's case :)
```suggestion
   be generated, and **will not** display the *Create Invoice* button on the Sales Order.
```

>    Following this example **will** cause the *Create invoice* button to be displayed on the Sales

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Following this example **will** cause the *Create Invoice* button to be displayed on the Sales
```

   Order. This is because Odoo expects another invoice to be created after the down payment
   to complete payment of the sales order.

> 

Reviewer: Nitpick- remove extra line :)
```suggestion
```

The *Solar Panel Installation* product is being used in this example.

To configure a 100% down payment, begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Sales app --> New`, and add
a :guilabel:`Customer` to the quote.

Next, click :guilabel:`Add a product` in the :guilabel:`Order Lines` tab, and select the

> :guilabel:`Solar Panel Installation` product.

Reviewer: Nitpick- since the user has to type in the product name, lets use literal formatting here :)
```suggestion
`Solar Panel Installation` product.
```

Upon clicking the :guilabel:`Confirm` button, the quotation turns into a sales order. At that point,
an invoice can now be created by clicking :guilabel:`Create Invoice` in the top-left corner.

> .. image:: down_payment/100p-order-confirmed.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: Confirmed sales order for the Solar Panel Installation product.
> 

Reviewer: To try and cut down on the number of images in this doc, I think we can remove most of these. Especially since the process is so similar to the 50% DP example, and your written instructions are clear. If you feel like these images are important to keep, please feel free to do so 👍
```suggestion
```

On the :guilabel:`Create invoices` pop-up window that appears, select :guilabel:`Down payment
(percentage)`, and type `100` in the :guilabel:`Down Payment Amount` field. Then, if desired, select

> an :guilabel:`Income Account' and :guilabel:`Customer Taxes` in their respective fields.

Reviewer: guilabel tag fix
```suggestion
an :guilabel:`Income Account` and :guilabel:`Customer Taxes` in their respective fields.
```

> 

Reviewer: It is helpful to include this note (from the 50% DP section) that addresses these fields, as I was confused why they did not appear for me at this step :)
```suggestion

.. note::
   The :guilabel:`Income Account` and :guilabel:`Customer Taxes` fields are *not* required fields,
   and they will *not* appear if they've already been preconfigured in previous down payment
   requests.

   For more information, check out the documentation on :ref:`customer taxes modification on down
   payments <sales/invoicing/customer-tax-modification-down-payments>` and :ref:`income account
   modification on down payments <sales/invoicing/income-account-modification>`.
```

.. image:: down_payment/100p-down-payment-percentage.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Down payment (percentage) option selected with 100% set as the Down Payment.

Next, click :guilabel:`Create Draft Invoice` to create an invoice draft. This will also

> bring the draft invoice into view, which includes the :guilabel:`Down partment`as a

Reviewer: typo
```suggestion
bring the draft invoice into view, which includes the :guilabel:`Down payment` as a
```

:guilabel:`Product` in the :guilabel:`Invoice Lines` tab.

The invoice can now be confirmed and posted by clicking :guilabel:`Confirm`. Confirming the
invoice changes the status from :guilabel:`Draft` to :guilabel:`Posted`. It also reveals a new
series of buttons at the top of the page.

> 
> .. image:: down_payment/100p-confirm-invoice-draft.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: A sample draft invoice with down payment mentioned in Odoo Sales.
> 
> The payment can be registered by clicking the :guilabel:`Register Payment` button.
> 
> .. image:: down_payment/100p-register-payment.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: Showcase of the Register Payment button on a confirmed customer invoice.
> 
> Doing so reveals a :guilabel:`Register Payment` pop-up form, which is auto-populated with the
> necessary information. Confirm the information provided is correct and make any necessary
> adjustments. When ready, click the :guilabel:`Create Payment` button.
> 
> .. image:: down_payment/100p-create-payment.png
>    :align: center
>    :alt: Showcase of the Register Payment pop-up window with create payment button.

Reviewer: Same reasoning as above, your written instructions are very clear– these images can be removed IMO :)
```suggestion

The payment can be registered by clicking the :guilabel:`Register Payment` button.

Doing so reveals a :guilabel:`Register Payment` pop-up form, which is auto-populated with the
necessary information. Confirm the information provided is correct and make any necessary
adjustments. When ready, click the :guilabel:`Create Payment` button.

```
